auth: random doc nits (#16016)
PowerDNS/pdns: pdns/recursordist/docs/appendices/EOL.rst

PowerDNS Recursor 4.0 through 4.9, 3.x, and 2.x are End of Life.

> Note: Users with a commercial agreement with PowerDNS.com BV or Open-Xchange

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Users with a commercial agreement with PowerDNS.com B.V. or Open-Xchange
```

> can receive extended support for releases which are End Of Life. If you are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can receive support for releases which are End Of Life. If you are
```
